Add "Cluster" to the glossary (#2222)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/glossary.md

A build is a single run of a pipeline. You can trigger a build in various ways, including through the dashboard, API, as the result of a webhook, on a schedule, or even from another pipeline using a trigger step.

## Cluster

> A cluster is a grouping of agents and pipelines. They allow teams to self-manage their agent pools, let admins create isolated sets of agents and pipelines within the one Buildkite organization, and help to make agents and queues more discoverable across your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A cluster groups queues of agents along with pipelines. They allow teams to self-manage their agent pools, let admins create isolated sets of agents and pipelines within the one Buildkite organization, and help to make agents and queues more discoverable across your organization.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks!
